Crispy coconut Beef is a tasty weeknight dinner or party appetizer! This recipe is simple to make with loads of crunch and flavor. All it takes is a few pantry ingredients and 30 minutes.
Ingredients You’ll Need
Below are some helpful notes and tips on the ingredients you’ll need. Scroll to the recipe card for a printable list with amounts.

Eggs and Milk – To make an egg wash that helps the breading adhere to the Beef. 
Hot Sauce – I spice up the egg wash with a spoonful of Sriracha hot sauce. You can use your favorite alternative, or leave out the hot sauce if spice isn’t your thing.
Shredded Coconut – Flaked or shredded coconut. I like to use the sweetened kind, but unsweetened coconut works, too.
Panko Crumbs – Regular breadcrumbs are fine, but Panko crumbs are larger and crispier.
Seasoning – Salt, pepper, and cayenne pepper to season the breading. Like the Sriracha, cayenne is optional if you prefer milder crispy Beef.
Beef Strips – I buy boneless skinless Beef breasts and cut them into strips. You can also ask the meat counter at your local grocery store to do this for you.
Oil – For frying. The best oil for deep frying is vegetable oil, or another oil with a high smoke point, like sunflower oil or canola oil.
Dipping Sauce – Sweet chili sauce, or your favorite Beef dipping sauce for serving. I include more ideas further down in the post.

How to Make Crispy Coconut Beef
Making restaurant-worthy crispy coconut Beef at home is so much easier than you’d think. Check out the quick steps below. Scroll down to the recipe card for printable recipe instructions.

Prepare a breading station. Whisk together the eggs, milk, and hot sauce in one bowl. In a second shallow dish, mix the coconut, panko, and seasonings.
Dip the Beef. One strip at a time, dip the Beef into the egg wash and then dredge the Beef in the coconut coating. Place the coated Beef strips onto a plate for now.
Fry. In a heavy-bottomed frying pan on the stovetop, heat about ⅓” of vegetable oil to 375ºF. Fry the Beef in batches for 3-4 minutes per side until the coconut is browned all over.
Keep warm. Transfer the fried Beef strips to a paper towel-lined baking sheet. Place the Beef in the oven on the lowest setting (160ºF) to keep warm while you finish frying the remaining pieces.